To edit this file or the web pages, please do:
svn checkout https://github.com/pencil-code/website/trunk/ www


Topics for Pencil code User Meeting in Newcastle 2017:
======================================================
% Notes: "-" means that this item is still open (nothing has happend)
%        "+" means that it is already in progress (people working on it)
%        "*" same, but high priority
%        "/" postponed
%        "x" means that it has been dealt with
%            [assigned Persons] feel free to add yourself
%
# http://pencil-code.nordita.org/UserMeetings/2017/

- decoupling sample (which is huge) from website

- Pencil Code Steering Committee (report & elections)
  Approval of ToR

- Presenting pencilnew plus tutorial section and discussion further development
  to present?

- other 'obvious' topics (discussed last year, or currently/recently active) include:

  - reorganising the code to separate 'engine' from 'toolbox'?
  - reorganising/streamlining the 'particles' modules (incl. swarms?)
  - linking to special modules dynamically?
  - cuda/gpu
  - auto-test
  - hdf5 (Philippe stopped because of letter, he says)
  - yin-yang grid
  - svn bridge
  - f2003?
  - reducing size of compiled src directory (done, or more to do?)

- future PC user meetings: Boulder, Ventura, elsewhere...?

